The Joe Rogan experience. This virus. I've been saying this about all viruses,
that diseases are like demons, you know, and we, we just,
if we were losing, like, have you seen the numbers too? This is something that,
uh, my friends, Steve who's a doctor sent me, and this is a
a series of crazy statistics, but, um,
the craziest statistics about how many people die,
like it puts it into perspective. I mean, and all life lost is valuable.
All I've lost is a tragedy. I'm not saying anything other than that,
but what I'm just, I'm not diminishing anyone's loss of life.
But what I am saying is I was stunned when I saw the actual numbers.
So 2017 to two to 2018,
uh,
H two N three pandemic killed 61,000
Americans. Did you know that? I didn't know that.
Did you know that Jamie I've heard numbers like that recently? Yeah,
but not before 2017 to 2018 hospitalized,
30,453,
an estimated effected was 894,700 people by that flu
that's crazy.
Overall death rate was 7.5 with a peak in
January, 2018 of 10.8. Again, I'm a moron,
not a doctor reading you a text message. Maybe I shouldn't be doing that.
Maybe someone should look into this 2009 pandemic. No,
this is the one that Bert said he had. He said the H one N one,
it killed 83,300 Americans.
Death rates range from 4% to 33% for pediatric
zero to 22%, uh,
for 18 and 64 for zero to 4%. For those over 65,
man, this is crazy.
U S case is 60.8 million 274,000 hospitalized,
12,469 deaths in the U S like,
I'm just going over all these different ones that happened flu of the year of
2020 cases reported 45 million hospitals hospitalizations
415,000 deaths, 48,000.
That's for the 2020 flu this flu season.
There's so many people that die of the flu, but obviously this week,
when you see healthcare workers freaking out, you know, this is different.
So what is different about it? That's all at the same time. Yeah.
It's all at the same time. It's new, it's a new virus. People don't have,
they don't have immunity for it. They don't really know how to cure it.
And it attacks the respiratory system.
And it seems to have a real quick turnaround from,
I'm not feeling so good to I'm dead. You know, it's a,
it happens very quickly for some people shockingly. So some of these,
and it seems to affect different people in different ways.
Like there's a lot going on with this one that has smart people going.
We need to stay home for a bit. Just everybody chill, no large gatherings.
Yeah.
Do you ever get the flu shot every year? I mean, like,
I feel like I get the flu almost every year, but I never do the flu shot.
Like, it seems like it should do the other thing. I don't know.
Like I didn't get last year. I don't.
Get the flu shot. Yeah. Yeah.
Isn't that a bad idea? It seems like.
I've survived and been healthy, but just, uh,
eating well and not getting the flu shot and then making sure I'm in the sauna
and I exercise well and sleep well, and I've been able to shake it off, but, uh,
it's a good move. It's probably, I probably should get the flu shot.
And if I got the flu again, maybe I'd be like, man,
I should have got the flu shot. Let me just get that flu shot. But I mean,
whether it's diet or whether it's, um, all this,
I'm on all the different vitamins and hormones and the fact that I'm in the
sauna for 25 minutes everyday, but I rarely get sick.
Like you would get it more just because you're around like, you know,
gyms and saunas and my places where there's a lot of sweat.
The only cooties I've gotten in the gym and scare me is staff. Yeah.
I've gotten staff a couple of times that scares me. Jared, get ringworm. Yeah.
I got that. A bunch of times. I got that twice. At least maybe three times,
which is not that bad. You put Lamisil on it. Stay off the mat for a little bit.
And then the products that I started using, um,
prevented or saved me from that a company called defense soap. Yeah.
Use that's the because it's all natural stuff. It's all tea,
tree oil and eucalyptus soil. And it's, it's not antibiotic in that.
It doesn't kill off all the good bacteria.
It just coats your body with this soap. And it's all like natural. It,
it kills the bad bacteria, but it doesn't kill good bacteria.
I don't understand how that works folks. But people have known that forever,
the tea tree oil,
and you can lift the soil are good for infections and presenters.
Infection. I use it cause I'm like a yeasty boy, very yeasty.
Yeah. Used infection.
Now I give it, I give them that. Give them that.
You're lucky if you get one from me.
Like awards. Yeah. I've been, I've been lucky with diseases,
knock on wood. Um, but it's, uh, you know,
this is a weird one. If you're, if you're compromised, you know,
people that have, uh, lung issues or people that have had a, like,
I hate to say it, Brian, but vaping.
Vaping. Yeah. I think cigarettes and vaping. And I want weed smokers though.
Cause I know it's always like what, you know.
The things that also are deadly that also affects so many people like that
list that I read off. Is that right? Saying that I read. Right?
What do you think?
It seems like it would be, but I mean nowadays,
like you get all these like doctor lists on Facebook,
you never know what's real and what's not.
A friend of mine is a legitimate doctor. Is that correct?
Are those numbers correct? We should probably say let's uh,
let's Google the again.
So what did I say was start off with the first one. The first one was, um,
Michael yell, apparently put out a video today. Oh, JT. Yeah,
he's back. Okay.
Let's look at this one to 2017 to 2018,
H two N three virus pandemic that killed 61,000.
I wasn't making that up.
The hardest part with that right now is those numbers have been accumulated over
a year plus. And we were only have had a month.
It's like these numbers, right? I mean even says 2017, 2018.
But over a year it killed 61,000 people.
Now the other one was the big one at the end.
The flu for this year for 2020,
the flu cases reported 45 million
hospitalizations. 415,000 deaths.
48,000. Hm that's.
Worldwide.
No, it's the United States. Oh really? Yeah. Wow. I know. That's what I'm.
Saying. Have you even heard about the flu this year?
Well, that's the thing it's like, it's not sexy. Cause it happens every year.
Right. You know, it's like the sky monster.
If this guy monster never appeared before and then one day the first tornado hit
and tore apart, Nashville, we'd be like, what in the has God's mad at us. Right.
That's how they used to feel back in that.
It's just one person's case.
I remember last week I read someone that got tested for the flu and they tested
positive and then weeks later got tested for the COVID-19 and then tested
positive for that.
But they weren't tested for COVID at the time they're tested for the flu because
they didn't have a test. Right.
So there could be a lot of people that tested positive for the flu.
Maybe that never had a COVID-19 test.
Yeah. Could be. Yeah. I mean,
do they mean it?
I guess it depends on whether or not they have the test available in different
places too. Right.
I'm just not reading too. There's a new new test that just got made today.
That's faster.
Oh yeah. Yeah. There's a five minute test.
Like it's like an easy bake oven of testing. Jamie.
What are we going to do? If you test positive? Oh yeah.
I don't know.
Yeah. You're in contact bro.
I already have it. Then I could be. Cause I'm testing positive.
Doesn't mean it could be. I mean you're out there spreading.
It. Carrier.
Get out of.
Here. Son of a pet my dog.
Oh, that's too late. I didn't even think of that.
Did they send the email out? What was yesterday? Saturday, I guess.
So like it's too late. When the did they get it?
That's when they got it to the hospital and called the apartment building and
said, Hey, you might wanna let everybody know.
Washing your hands a lot. You guys doing the whole thing?
I'm washing the out of my hands. My hands are annoyed at me.
I'm lucky I got some, uh, hand sanitizer like, oh, before the, yeah,
right before it happened, the crash, uh, I was, uh,
opening up for Tom green in San Diego and Tom green was the first person that I
knew that was kind of like panicking a little, like he he's like,
I just bought a crate of Lysol mini Lysols and he was spraying the microphone
down on stage. And like, and I was like, he's a little, uh, overboard,
literally like a week later, everyone.
Tom green ahead of the curve. Yeah. Yeah.
It's a it's spooky dude. Who was it that had a friend?
Was it Tom Papa? Whose friend was warning him long in advance? No,
it wasn't Tom Papa. It was Bert Kreischer.
Bert Kreischer had a friend who was warning him. Wayne advanced, listen,
you need to isolate. You need to get your family out. And he was like,
what was Bert? Right? Yeah. Her shirt off. Yeah.
Take your shirt on like your shirt back on your, uh, just,
you need to isolate quickly. Get away from everybody.
Cause it's gonna spread right through America. And he was like, what?
And this was apparently in February and he was like, this lady's crazy. Wow.
And then he texted her like at the beginning of March when it was on and popping
and he's like, you're right.
My point about showing those numbers is not to diminish the impact of, uh,
this current pandemic. It was just to highlight the fact that, uh,
we live in a war zone.
We live in a virus war zone that takes out thousands of people every
year in this country.
And I don't think most of us are really keeping our eye on that. You know,
like you hear about deaths by the flu and you know, they're never,
they're never shocking deaths by some new thing. For some reason,
even if it's the same number of deaths or less even right.
So far less freak us the out.
It seems like it's happening more though. Like if you go on TMZ,
it's like somebody dies every day. Like this old, you know,
philosopher or this old poet or this old musician. And he's like,
you never hear that in the past, like, oh, he died at the flu. That guy died.
That guy died.
W here we go, Jimmy just pulled something up. A total of
19,543 laboratory confirmed influenza associated hospitalizations were reported
block by flu serve dash net, uh,
sites between October,
2019 and March 21st,
2020 41172.1% were associated with influenza.
A virus. What's that? 14,000, 14,000. What did I say? 41. Oh,
whoops. What am I dyslectic um, influence, uh, okay.
A 5,000 335, 27 0.3% with influence of B.
That's true too. Right?
If you get an influence at a shot and it's influenced a B,
you might catch it anyway. That's annoying. Um,
so that's a lot of people, right? So we got
nineteen
thousand five hundred and five thousand three hundred and four thousand fourteen
thousand one hundred. Yeah.
My theory is that you're, you are born sucking your thumb.
You were supposed to suck your thumb your whole life.
And it was supposed to keep your immune system strong so that it would fight all
of this.
Okay. The hospitalization rate was 67.3% per oh no.
67.3 per 100,000 population,
which is higher than all recent seasons, except for the 2017,
2018 season rates and children,
zero to four years old and adults 18 to 49 are now the highest CDC has on
record for these age groups of passing the rate reported during the 2009
H one N one pandemic hospitalization rates for school aged
children are higher than any recent regular season,
but lower than rates during the pandemic. What, so what happened in 2009?
When the H one N one kicked in and killed all those people,
they didn't shut anything down.
I've been hearing her.
It was like after a thousand people died is when things started changing.
And I don't, I don't really remember what was changing back then.
I don't remember. I don't either. Do you remember? No,
we just talked to Burt again. Bird had it. He had the H one N one. He did. Yeah,
he did. Yeah. He said there's was the sickest he's ever been in his life. Um,
and it was 2009 when it was all going down and he said he couldn't sleep.
He was so uncomfortable. He was in just constant pain and aching said never,
never felt sicker ever in his life. And that killed a lot of people.
Like that before where, you know,
you're just puking and you can't hold anything in you're sweating.
You're waking up, you.
Know, does that 2009? I don't think it was.
I felt like it was like five years ago or something like that.
Get you. They can get you.
I hope another thing that comes out of here is people take their immune system
more seriously. Yeah. Support your immune system. You know, I mean,
if this makes a bit,
just a little shift in the number of people that get healthy little shift in the
number of number of people that start taking vitamins and exercising and,
you know, just do something, man, something put a heavy backpack on,
go for a walk, do something, listen to a podcast.